<?xml-stylesheet href="/style.min.css"?>
<?xml-stylesheet href="https://positron832.neocities.org/css/paginator.css"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
 <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
  <meta name="author" content="Positron832"/>
  <meta name="copyright" content="Positron832"/>
  <meta name="keywords" content="Positron832, Positron832's site, Positron832's website"/>
  <meta name="description" content="Welcome to my website! Have a look around :)"/>
  <meta name="theme-color" content="#ff0"/>
  <meta name="referrer" content="no-referrer"/>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex"/>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'none';
  object-src 'none';
  base-uri 'none';
  form-action 'self';
  manifest-src 'self';
  connect-src 'self';
  img-src 'self';
  style-src 'self' https://positron832.neocities.org"/>
  
  <title>Positron832>Blog</title>
  <link href="/favicon.ico" rel="icon" type="image/x-icon"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-57x57.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="57x57" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-60x60.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="60x60" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-72x72.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-76x76.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="76x76" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-114x114.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="114x114" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-120x120.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="120x120" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-144x144.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-152x152.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="152x152" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-180x180.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/android-icon-192x192.png" rel="icon" sizes="192x192" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-32x32.png" rel="icon" sizes="32x32" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-96x96.png" rel="icon" sizes="96x96" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-16x16.png" rel="icon" sizes="16x18" type="image/png"/>
  <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#fff"/>
  <meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="/ms-icon-144x144.png"/>
  <!--link href="https://positron832.neocities.org/non_html/manifest.webmanifest" rel="manifest" type="application/manifest+json"/-->
</head>
 <body>
  <a id="skip-link" href="#main">Skip to main</a>
  
  <nav>
   <a href="/" accesskey="m" title="The main page">Main</a> | 
   <a href="/about.xhtml" accesskey="a" title="The about page has icons">About</a>
   <div class="other">
    <a href="/other.xhtml" accesskey="o" title="Links to the site's code">Other</a>
   </div>
  </nav>
  
  <p class="pagination"> <a href="/blog/select.xhtml">Back to page selection</a> </p>
  
  <main id="main">
   <h1>I found a stunning website</h1>
   <p><a href="https://roseknight.neocities.org">roseknight.neocities.org</a> is a stunning website. Designed like a game with incredible visuals. That's all I can say. <br/><span class="other">5th Mar '21</span></p>
    
   <h1>Pagination</h1>
   <p>Maybe it's not as hard as I thought. But first I must decide how many blog posts should be on one page. 7 is a good number maybe? Or 10? Where should the pagination be? The top is probably a good place, or why not try on the side? AAAAAAAAAAA <span class="other">25th Feb '21</span></p>
   
   <h1>10'000 views total</h1>
   <p>It's interesting. I've only had this site since December last year. The site went through many design changes during the first two months. After I became satisfied with it I shifted focus to SEO. Now that I can find my site when searching my username I've been optimizing the code and learning many cool tricks. In the near future I might try out older HTML versions to better understand how HTML work (DTDs, removed elements, etc.). <span class="other">22 Feb '21</span></p> 
   
   <h1>English grammar rules</h1>
   <p>Mostly I try to write correct English as well as I can, but I've discovered that there is more to English than sentence structure and spelling... I have discovered that there's a difference between a hyphen, an en dash, and an em dash. There are also rules for commas and semicola. If I want to really flex my English I must learn the smallest rules there are! <span class="other">18th Feb '21</span></p>
   
   <h1>Cool HTML trix</h1>
   <p>So I'm not a fan of the "/index.html" in the URL, so whenever I link links to my main page I always write the full URL. However, yesterday I discovered that you can just write "/" in the href attribute and the link takes you back to my main page without showing "/index.html".
   <br/><br/>Another tip for people doing XHTML syntax is to use &lt;?xml-stylesheet href="..." etc?&gt; at the top at the document, after the &lt;?xml version stuff. The reason I recommend linking to the CSS file that way is because with the normal way you get a splash of unstyled content (it's very noticeable with files using the .xml file extension).
   <br/><br/>Well that's it! Might add more trix in a future blog. <span class="other">17th Feb '21</span></p>
   
   <h1>When your nose bleeds...</h1>
   <p>I think it has to do something with sleep too, two days ago I was working on the service worker for this site and only got like 4 hours sleep! The next day my nose bled so much, I had to get a new sheet of paper every 20 seconds! At last it stopped and my nose is back to normal today. <span class="other">6th Feb '21</span></p>
   
   <h1><i>M</i><b>y</b> b<i>l</i>og?</h1>
   <p>Why not? Currently it's empty... I will probably update this a lot in the coming weeks... I mean the look not the blog.</p>
  </main>
 </body>
</html>
