<?xml-stylesheet href="/style.min.css"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
 <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/>
  <meta name="author" content="Positron832"/>
  <meta name="copyright" content="Positron832"/>
  <meta name="keywords" content="Positron832, Positron832's site, Positron832's website"/>
  <meta name="description" content="Welcome to my website! Have a look around :)"/>
  <meta name="theme-color" content="#ff0"/>
  <meta name="referrer" content="no-referrer"/>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex"/>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'none';
  object-src 'none';
  base-uri 'none';
  form-action 'self';
  manifest-src 'self';
  connect-src 'self';
  img-src 'self';
  style-src 'self' https://positron832.neocities.org"/>
  
  <title>Positron832>Blog>2</title>
  <link href="/favicon.ico" rel="icon" type="image/x-icon"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-57x57.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="57x57" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-60x60.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="60x60" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-72x72.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-76x76.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="76x76" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-114x114.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="114x114" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-120x120.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="120x120" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-144x144.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-152x152.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="152x152" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/apple-icon-180x180.png" rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/android-icon-192x192.png" rel="icon" sizes="192x192" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-32x32.png" rel="icon" sizes="32x32" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-96x96.png" rel="icon" sizes="96x96" type="image/png"/>
  <link href="/favicon-16x16.png" rel="icon" sizes="16x18" type="image/png"/>
  <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#fff"/>
  <meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="/ms-icon-144x144.png"/>
  <link href="https://positron832.neocities.org/non_html/manifest.webmanifest" rel="manifest" type="application/manifest+json"/-
 </head>
 <body>
  <a id="skip-link" href="#main">Skip to main</a>
  
  <nav>
   <div>
    <a href="/" accesskey="m" title="The main page">Main</a> | 
    <a href="/about.xhtml" accesskey="a" title="The about page has icons">About</a>
    <a href="/other.xhtml" accesskey="o" title="Links to the site's code">Other</a>
   </div>
  </nav>
  
  <main id="main" class="grid-container">
   <div><p><a href="/blog/select.xhtml">Back to page selection</a></p></div>
   
   <div class="middle">
    <h1>Flash websites</h1>
    <p>Today I discovered something amazing.. Flash websites! I mean just search up "Flash websites" 
      and you will see how crazy the internet used to be. Apparently a website called 2advanced.com 
      used to be popular for its stunning visuals and interactivity. I was stunned when I saw a video 
      of it on YouTube. It's sad that these cool websites no longer function though as Flash is dead. 
      There is this Flash emulator though called Ruffle (see <a href="https://ruffle.rs">ruffle.rs</a>)
      but it seems like the majority of people who know about Flash's death don't know about Ruffle. 
      Still--These old websites give off powerful shots of inspiration. 
      <span class="other">13th Apr '21</span></p>
     
    <h1>XHTML version!</h1>
    <p>There now exists an XHTML version of this site. You can find it in the "Other" section. The 
      XHTML version is written in XHTML and has no JavaScript at all if that really matters. Why did I 
      do this? Because I can. <span class="other">8th April '21</span></p>
     
    <h1>Unrealistic ideas</h1>
    <p>I bet you have some too. You know it's unrealistic but you just can't stop thinking about it 
      until you've given it an attempt. I have some unrealistic ideas for this site and maybe one day 
      I'll implement them just like I imagined, but that is probably in the far future. I currently 
      don't have the skillz to give these ideas a proper attempt. I dream of implementing a system 
      where you can choose different skins/themes. I dream of making this site more interactive, but I 
      don't have the skillz to even use cookies with JavaScript.
    <br/><br/>
    However, don't expect the site to look like it does today in one year. I shall keep developing and
      changing this site. I shall play around with ideas until I am satisfied. Even then new ideas will
      keep coming and this site will always be changing. For the better or worse? I don't know. 
      <span class="other">30th Mar '21</span></p>
    
    <h1>Update again..</h1>
    <p>So turns out gradients are trickier than I thought on IE. I've done what I could. I managed to
      minimize the CSS file even more and tweaked some minor things though :D. So now I have to update
      some miscellaneous things that won't be noticable on the surface of the site. 
      <span class="other">27th Mar '21</span></p>
    
    <h1>Updates to the site</h1>
    <p>Have you read the blog under this one that I wrote like 20 mins ago? Guess what. It's out of 
      date already. I have now re-worked how the blogs are navigated through. In the next few days I
      will work on a thing called "graceful degradation" so this site should look better for people 
      who still use Internet Explorer 8-9. <span class="other">27th Mar '21</span></p>
    
    <h1>New page :D</h1>
    <p>Welcome to a new page! Currently empty here. You can see my older blogs by clicking the "2" in
      the pagination bar. I think I'll have to re-work some parts of the code so I better do that 
      first before doing more blogs.</p>
   </div>
  </main>
   
 </body>
</html>
